Fashion Jackson

Suede Trench Coat Outfit: A Classic Layer for Effortless Style

How to Style a Cropped Trench Coat for a Polished Everyday Outfit

Winter Trench Coat Outfit: A Polished, Everyday Look

7 Luxurious Fragrances I Can’t Stop Wearing

What to Buy During Sephora&#8217;s Spring Savings Event

The Best Beauty Gifts to Give This Season: Ideas for Every Budget

The Memorial Day Weekend Sales You Don&#8217;t Want to Miss

The Best Mother&#8217;s Day Gift Ideas

The Best Father&#8217;s Day Gift Ideas

Recent Posts

Best Travel Bags for Women 2026: 12 Editor-Tested Picks

The Ultimate Travel Gift Guide 2025: Best Gifts for Frequent Flyers &#038; Jetsetters

What to Buy on Amazon: Chic Finds for Every Category

The Best Summer Sandals of 2026: Designer, Mid-Range &#038; Amazon Picks I Actually Wear

Recently, one of my good friends was doing a closet cleanout and texting me pictures of her sandal collection so I could “yay” or “nay” each pair (sidenote: I’m kind of a closet cleanout connoisseur amongst my friends). As we were going back and forth, she lamented that “Sandals are hard!” and I realized she was right. Sandals are hard. They seem simple enough, but choosing the best summer sandals for your personal style and that fit seamlessly into your wardrobe can be a challenge when there are so many options.

Comfort matters most but never at the expense of style. So today, I'm sharing 30 pairs that I think are the best sandals for women in summer 2026. I've personally vetted the following list and made sure that all 30 pairs offer different colors, silhouettes, and styles, ranging from budget-friendly ($20) to high-end picks ($1,000+).

What Makes a Great Summer Sandal

Before we slide and strap-in to the list, I wanted to answer the question of what is a great summer sandal? Like, how do you choose from so many never-ending options from every retailer out there?

The most important element is obviously comfort. I don’t care how trendy or cute the sandal looks, if it doesn’t feel good and you’re unable to wear it comfortably all day, what’s the point in spending the money? The sole and footbed should be easy enough to wear on a date night and walk to a couple of bars afterwards. Next is the quality, no matter what the material is. If it’s super synthetic and cheap, it’s not going to last, so my question again is why bother?

A versatile color that works with multiple outfits (black, white, and tan of course but also think reds and greens), a true-to-size or adjustable fit so there’s no squeezing or sliding around, and a silhouette that’s modern but not trendy and classic but not dated are all imperative elements when it comes to shopping for sandals!

Editor's Top 3

Hermès Oran Sandals

My number one pick for maybe the best summer sandals I’ve ever owned are the Hermès Oran sandals. I’ve owned these in multiple colors for years now, and I can’t imagine a spring or summer season without them. They are worth all the hype and every penny, in my opinion. If you want a full review on them, I wrote one five years ago, and my feelings have only grown stronger. Prices start around $850 and can go up to $1,500 based on specialized material.

Toteme Sandals

My number two pick has to be these heeled sandals by Toteme. I moved away from pretty much any and all heeled sandals years ago — they have to be a really specific, special kind to join the ranks in my closet, and these made the cut. In fact, they’ve climbed the ranks and landed as one of my top three best summer sandals! I love that these are a classic black thong sandal but elevated both literally and figuratively. These cost $560.

Gianni Bini Sandals

My last top three picks are these admittedly random flip flops that have become so incredibly important to me and my summer attire. I can’t accurately express how comfortable these Gianni Bini flip flops are, and the fact that they’re only $50 and come in four core colors (black, brown, tan, and white) feels like winning the summer sandal lottery. I am completely obsessed with mine and love how the leather makes them a more than appropriate “fancy” flip flop while also serving as a perfect, everyday flip flop as well.

Best Designer Summer Sandals

Two of the best designer summer sandals I've invested in made it to my Top 3 overall picks: the Hermes Oran sandals and Toteme Heeled Flip Flops. The cost per wear on each of these is down to dollars, if not cents at this point. If you were going to start with one designer sandals today, you couldn't go wrong with either of these buys.

Other designer sandals I own and keep within reach all summer are The Row Ginza flip flops, the Khaite Loop sandals in python (more sizes here), and (newer to me) the Prada platform sandals.

I've had The Row Ginza sandals for a few years now and always get compliments when I wear them. They're a great option to have when I want to wear a flat but also need something a bit more substantial than a basic flip flop to balance out an outfit. For date nights, I reach for the Khaite Loop sandals. I love the minimalist design and snakeskin embossing - IMO snakeskin is one of those non-neutral neutrals that compliments almost anything. These look great with pants, shorts, and dresses. And lastly, for a head turner, my new Prada platforms would be my rec. I bought these for an event I had about a month ago and not only did I get several compliments that night, they were also comfortable for the whole event. I know they look a little intimidating but the platform is easy to walk in and really cancels out a good portion of the heel height, making it feel more like a 3" heel.

Best Hermès Oran Sandal Look-a-Likes

We talk about closet essentials here a lot - items that have genuine staying power. Pieces that can be reached for year after year. Styles that are eternally chic and classic, never dated. And if one and only one summer sandal had to take this title, it would without a doubt be the Hermès Oran sandals. A classic slide sandal isn't going to swing in and out of style - they're minimal and easy to pair with any outfit for an effortless, relaxed yet polished look. I've owned mine for more than a decade and did a review a few years back if you want to read more on them. All that said, I know the cost is steep for a pair of sandals - especially if you're still on the fence on the style or if they're out of reach for your budget. You can still achieve the same low-key elegant look of this round-up of the best Hermès Oran sandal dupes worth buying.

Best Summer Sandals Under $250

A great summer sandal doesn't need to break the bank - my closet is a mix of high, low, and in between. Some of these sandals I own, others I'm window shopping, and the rest are great alternatives to some of my favorite designer summer sandals.

Best Summer Sandals Under $100

These on-trend budget-friendly styles and can be styled with a variety of outfits this summer.

Best Amazon Summer Sandals

You guys know how much I love a good Amazon find. Whether it's an essential item for travel, a kitchen gadget, or a trendy fashion piece at a great price, Amazon seemingly has it all plus incredibly fast shipping for instant gratification. Summer sandals are no exception and these are my top picks all under $50.

Frequently Asked Questions

The most comfortable summer sandals have a supportive footbed, soft leather that breaks in without rubbing, and a strap design that doesn't dig in after a few hours. My personal picks for all-day wear are the Hermès Oran (worth every penny if you can swing the investment), the Gianni Bini flip flops at $50, and the Tony Bianco Caprice heel for occasions when I need something a little dressier. Comfort really comes down to the footbed and the quality of the leather more than anything else.

After more than a decade of wearing mine, yes — for me they absolutely are. The cost per wear has dropped to actual cents, the leather has softened beautifully without falling apart, and they genuinely go with everything in my summer wardrobe. That said, $850+ is a real investment, and if it's a stretch, there are excellent dupes (see my section above) that give you the same minimalist slide silhouette for under $300, and a few under $50 that hold up surprisingly well. I wrote a full review of my Hermès Oran sandals if you want a deeper take.
    
  

  
    What sandals are trending for summer 2026?
    
      Summer 2026 is leaning into a few clear directions: saturated colors (think red, butter yellow, and deep greens — see my Zara red sandal and Intentionally Blank "Year Ahead" picks), platform silhouettes (my Prada platforms are a great example), and the elevated flip flop having a serious fashion moment (Toteme, The Row Ginza, and the Gianni Bini at the budget end). Minimalist slides like the Oran are also still going strong and feel completely timeless.

The right ones, absolutely. The Bruno Magli Fina Slide and Margaux The MX are my favorites at the mid-range — both use real leather and hold up well over time. At the under-$70 mark, the Steve Madden Hadyn and Amazon Project Cloud are surprisingly close in look and have strong reviews from people who've owned them for a season or more. The key is to look for real leather, a quality footbed, and a sole that won't wear out after a few wears.

Suede Trench Coat Outfit: A Classic Layer for Effortless Style

Leave a Note Cancel

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

&#916;
document.getElementById( "ak_js_1" ).setAttribute( "value", ( new Date() ).getTime() );

Liketoknow.it

elsewhere:

Instagram

@fashion_jackson

Pinterest

More Outfits

Blog

Shop

Browse

Connect

Subscribe

What are you looking for?

Subscribe

Cookie Consent

We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. By using our site, you consent to cookies.

(opens in a new window)Cookie Preferences&times;Manage your cookie preferences below:

Essential cookies enable basic functions and are necessary for the proper function of the website.